a website with no visitors isn't really
a website at all
hey everyone i'm neil patel and today
i'm going to break down how to get your
first thousand visitors with seo and
content marketing
before we get started make sure you
subscribe to this channel if you're on
youtube click the alert notification
question for you how many visitors are
you getting a month let me know in the
comments are you getting a thousand
visitors ten thousand two hundred one
hundred zero there's no wrong answer and
even if you have more than a thousand
visitors the tips in this video will
help you get even more
so here's a quick stat for you 36
percent of small businesses do not have
a website in 2020. now i know we're not
in 2020 but it shows you that a lot of
people still don't have websites
75 percent of users admit to making
judgments about a company's credibility
based on their website
design and this is based off of
stanford's web credibility research
so step one do keyword research for high
and low search volume keywords you can
do this in uber suggest all you have to
do is put keywords within your space in
uber says just go to ubersets.com and
i'll show you which keywords are really
popular and which ones are and in the
keyword ideas report on uber suggests
you can actually see which ones are
attainable by your website by just using
the page one ranking potential button on
the keyword ideas report and when you
click on that you put a url it'll show
you which keywords you have a shop for
ranking for and which ones you don't
typically keywords with lower search
volume are the ones that are easier to
rank for and you can look at the top 10
results and just make sure if no one's
amazing and you can do something better
than them you have a chance about
ranking for any of those keywords
you can easily produce better content
when you look at the search results and
be like hey
this is what they're doing on the top
ten and then go to page three or four of
google and look to see what they're
doing it'll show you what the terrible
content isn't doing so that way you can
look at the good content and you'll have
a better understanding what to do and
it'll also give you ideas of what may be
standing out that they may not be
covering within your space
step two start by creating content
around lower competitive keywords first
now you can use tools like jarvis.ai
which can help you produce content and
it does in a semi-automated way it'll
take keywords the topic that you want to
write on it'll help you outline and
it'll even help you write the paragraphs
but here's the thing
you need to go in there and modify it
jarvis can make the content somewhat
flow it doesn't always make sense
it's good to save you time don't use it
as a tool that will write your content
for you automatically use it as a tool
that will make content writing easier
for you
step 3 in the first couple weeks promote
your content with paid social media ads
help boost the content like when i post
content on facebook a lot of times i'll
boost it it really helps get those
signals going gets more people to see it
step four
as you start gradually linking for some
keywords create topic clusters that can
help you become more
authoritative in these bigger topics for
example
if you're ranking for shoes versus heels
you can start targeting keywords that
are a bit more competitive about heels
and create new content topic pieces that
are related to heals such as you know
how to wear high heels without having
blisters i'm making it up i don't know
what it's like wearing high heels but
i've seen those pointed shoes and they
don't look comfortable over time you'll
start dominating more and more keywords
around that topic
a great example of this is on seo on the
neilpatel.com site i have articles on
seo but i have a lot of sub articles
around on-page seo link building site
maps which all encompasses together so
that way google knows my sites around
seo where i'm creating those topic
clusters and i rank higher overall
step five use social media your social
media content for promotion should be
specific for each platform for example
on instagram i could create a teaser
video that would
you know talk about the main pain points
that people are having related to the
content pieces that i just wrote and
then i have a call to action telling
people to go check it out and i may even
link to it in my bio on instagram so
people can just click that link and go
over
and with linkedin i found that live does
really well instagram tv does really
well uh stories do really well when
you're doing a story use a sticker so
you can drive people to your site and
when it comes to youtube videos do
better facebook paid promotions sadly do
the best linkedin only three percent of
your users are roughly creating content
anything you create on linkedin probably
gonna do well assuming it's good quality
step six capture leads and nurture them
over time once you acquire organic
traffic you need to keep getting more
value from those users capture those
emails through you know tools like hello
bar capture push notifications through
tools like subscribers or chat about
subscribers through tools like mobile
monkey and keep those people engaged by
giving them additional value with other
content pieces around the same topic
that brought them in
if you do that you're gonna get your
first thousand viewers plus more now if
you need help getting more traffic to
your site check out my ad agency np
digital if you enjoyed this video like
it share it tell people about it thank
you for watching